 Race Track: The map is loaded into Unity with a converted scale
 Flight Control: Movement is controlled by the left hand, while rotation is controlled by the right Hand. Imagine a virtual "Joystick". When the game starts, the locations of the players' hands are recorded, and two invisible "spheres" are created at these locations. The Drone would stay still as long as the hands are within the bounds of these spheres. Once the hands are out of bounds, the movement velocity of the drone is determined by the left hand's x,y, and z displacement from its original location: if the left hand goes forward, the drone moves forward, if the left hand rises, the drone ascends, etc. The right hand determines the rotational velocity of the drone, except that the Z-axis rotation is disabled.
Wayfinding and Motion sickness mitigation: Two wayfinding mechanisms are implemented (no Motion sickness mitigation). The first one uses the head coordinate system, placing an arrow on the HUD of the HMD, always pointing to the direction of the next checkpoint, while the second one uses the world coordinate system, shooting a beam from the drone to the location of the next checkpoint.
Gameplay: According to the requirements of the project, the operator's drone starts at the first checkpoint, with zero pitch or roll, facing in the direction of the second checkpoint. The drone cannot move before a 3-second countdown, which is displayed on the HUD. A timer is placed at the upper-left corner of the HUD once the race begins. A 3 second froze is applied on the drone once it collides with the ground mesh of the map, and the drone is teleported back to the last checkpoint it visited after that, during which the timer continues. Once the last checkpoint is visited, the final time is displayed on center of the HUD
